[CLI] Add `set_hardware_component_state` verb (#1248)
ros-controls/ros2_control: ros2controlcli/doc/userdoc.rst

      --include-hidden-nodes
                            Consider hidden nodes as well

set_hardware_component_state
----------------------------

.. code-block:: console

    $ ros2 control set_hardware_component_state -h
    usage: ros2 control set_hardware_component_state [-h] [--spin-time SPIN_TIME] [-s] [-c CONTROLLER_MANAGER] [--include-hidden-nodes]
                                                    hardware_component_name {unconfigured,inactive,active}

    Adjust the state of the hardware component

    positional arguments:
      hardware_component_name
                            Name of the hardware_component to be changed
      {unconfigured,inactive,active}

>                             State in which the controller should be changed to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                            State in which the hardware component should be changed to
```
